docs: ratelimit tutorials (#1631)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/tutorials/01-70-rate-limit.md

> # Tutorials - Rate Limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Rate Limiting Configuration
```

> RateLimit CR allows creating local rate limit configuration for specific paths for the exposed application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RateLimit custom resource (CR) allows you to apply local rate limit configuration for specific paths of an exposed application.
```

## Prerequisites

> This tutorial works on kubernetes cluster with istio-operator and api-gateway-operator installed.
> Follow the installation of each module before moving forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have the Istio and API Gateway modules added.
* You have [set up your custom domain](./01-10-setup-custom-domain-for-workload.md). Alternatively, you can use the default domain of your Kyma cluster and the default Gateway `kyma-system/kyma-gateway`.
  
  > [!NOTE]
  > Because the default Kyma domain is a wildcard domain, which uses a simple TLS Gateway, it is recommended that you set up your custom domain for use in a production environment.

  > [!TIP]
  > To learn what the default domain of your Kyma cluster is, run `kubectl get gateway -n kyma-system kyma-gateway -o jsonpath='{.spec.servers[0].hosts}`.

```

```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: gateway.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
kind: RateLimit
metadata:
  labels:
    app: httpbin
  name: ratelimit-path-sample
  namespace: test
spec:
  selectorLabels:
    app: httpbin
  enableResponseHeaders: true
  local:
    defaultBucket:
      maxTokens: 5
      tokensPerFill: 5
      fillInterval: 60s
    buckets:
      - path: /ip
        bucket:
          maxTokens: 10
          tokensPerFill: 5
          fillInterval: 60m
EOF
```

Check if the rate limit configuration is applied:
```bash
kubectl get ratelimits --namespace test ratelimit-path-sample
```
```
NAME                    STATUS   AGE
ratelimit-path-sample   Ready    1s
```

Check if the rate limit configuration is working, and the response headers contain `X-RateLimit` headers in response:
```bash
curl -kLv https://httpbin.local.kyma.dev/ip
```
```
(...)
* Request completely sent off
< HTTP/2 200 
< server: istio-envoy
< date: ***
< content-type: application/json
< content-length: 29
< x-envoy-upstream-service-time: 1
< x-ratelimit-limit: 10
< x-ratelimit-remaining: 9
< 
{
  "origin": "127.0.0.1"
}
* Connection #0 to host httpbin.local.kyma.dev left intact
```

> Path-based rate limit is configured. Remove the RateLimit CR from a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have configured the path-based rate limits. Remove the RateLimit CR from a cluster.
```

> Path-based rate limit is configured. Remove the RateLimit CR from a cluster.

Author: You can apply only one RateLimit CR in the cluster for each workload followed by a selector. before starting next example, previous one must be deleted.
